Gu Qingqing
Who said they were not worthy of my son?
Now it's revealed
Start showing off in front of my daughter-in-law
Gu Qingqing, let me tell you
My daughter-in-law
It can only be him.
If you obediently sign the divorce agreement
For the sake of following my son for more than half a year
I can give you a compensation.
If you don't sign
Never get a penny from my house
I promised things
I will not initiate divorce again
Unless he told me himself
I wouldn't have signed it otherwise.
Oops, toast, don't eat and drink
Gu Qingqing
I will make you regret it.
I am currently pregnant with a 17-year-old child
I want to protect her well
Can't let her get hurt in any way
Auntie, you are sick, you are strange.
He is Gu Siya's child
I should hate him
Why do I unconsciously want to get close to him?
Auntie said what you said
That's fine.
You little bastard
Who allowed you to be here?